milestone4 progress:

1. Measure Diversity:	We added the hamming distance to the evolution viewer to allow the user to see the measure of diversity
						of the population over the generations.
						
2. Visualize Population:We added the generation viewer which allows the user to see how every chromosome in the population and its 
						genes change over time. The user can also see the fitest chromosome in the population.


extra features:

1. Display toggles:		The viewer can choose to see the diversity line on the graph (the hamming distance), the best individual
						in the population (chromosome viewer), and the overall population (generation viewer). By having the 
						option to see the different viewers or the graph line, the user can speed up how fast the program 
						runs since less viewers will be used. This is effective for speeding up how fast the program runs. We can
						switch off the toggles after running the program with them on. After running the program, one can choose
						to not see the graphs or not. We recommend not using the hamming distance unless necessary as it slows down 
						the program.
						
2. Scaling graphs:		We added the option to view the evolutionary process over more generations than a 1000. To do this, we
						implemented the changing x axis for the graph that will adjust over time. The final length will be the 
						number of generations specified by the user. 
						
3. Evolutionary Delay:	The evolutionary delay is essentially the speed of the evolution. The user can speed up the evolution or 
						slow it down based on their objective. We added this text-box to the evolution viewer.
						
4. Reset Button: 		This button on the evolution viewer resets the entire program so the user can run the simulator multiple
						times without having to reset the program itself. This check box was added to the evolutionary viewer and
						can work at runtime or execution.
						
5. Console Outputs:		The console outputs show very clearly how the evolution proceeds and the settings (number of crossovers 
						complete, truncation / roulette wheel, number of elite children created, current generation number, current
						fitness type) of the simulator.


